Added DENO_DEPLOYMENT_ID env variable (#155)
denoland/saaskit: README.md

      - "8000:8000"
```

> The environmental variable values are pulled from the `.env` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The values of the environmental variables are pulled from the `.env` file.
```

      - "8000:8000"
```

The values of the environmental variables are pulled from the `.env` file.

> The `DENO_DEPLOYMENT_ID` variable is needed for Docker deployment of a Deno
> Fresh app for caching to work properly. Its value needs to be a token reflecting
> the build that you will be deploying. The SHA1 commit hash is a suitable token
> that can be obtained from the following command run in the repo's root folder.
> Copy its results into the value of `DENO_DEPLOYMENT_ID`. Make sure you update
> this value every time you run a new docker compose build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DENO_DEPLOYMENT_ID` variable is needed for Docker deployment of a Deno
Fresh app for caching to work properly. Its value needs to be a unique id tied to the deployment. We recommend using the SHA1 commit hash, which can be obtained from the following command run in the repo's root folder:

```sh
# get the SHA1 commit hash of the current branch
git rev-parse HEAD
```

Copy its results into the value of `DENO_DEPLOYMENT_ID` in your `.env` file.
```

```sh
# get the SHA1 commit hash of the current branch
git rev-parse HEAD
```

> Make sure this command is run and value upgraded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure this command is run and value updated in your .env.
```

> Make sure this command is run and value upgraded

Reviewer: we can prob remove this part given the re-organization of the information in the paragraph prior

Author: I agree that the last line (273) needs to be removed, but the `git rev-parse HEAD` command should remain as the previous paragraph points to it. Don't you agree?
